README.md, before:

# courses-n-challenges
A reference complication of the online courses and challenges I use to learn and practice programming, hacking, interview prep, language learning, and other skills

| Site | Description | Notes |
| :--- | :---------- | :---- |
| [Practice Python](https://www.practicepython.org/) | | |
| [HackerRank](https://www.hackerrank.com/) | | |
| [Exercism](https://exercism.org/) | | |
| [Codewars](https://www.codewars.com/) | | |
| [Leetcode](https://leetcode.com/) | | |
| [Python Challenge](http://www.pythonchallenge.com/) | | |
| [CodeChef](https://www.codechef.com/) | | |
| [Codeforces](https://codeforces.com/) | | |
| [Kattis](https://open.kattis.com/) | | |
| [Grind 75](https://www.techinterviewhandbook.org/grind75?hours=8) | | |
| [CodeCombat](https://codecombat.com/) | | |
| [CheckiO](https://checkio.org/) | | |
| [USACO](https://usaco.guide/) | | |
| [Automate the Boring Stuff](https://automatetheboringstuff.com/#toc) | | |
| [MIT Missing Semester](https://missing.csail.mit.edu/) | | |
| [Learn Code by Gaming YT](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCD8vb6Bi7_K_78nItq5YITA) | | |
| [Coding Interview University](https://github.com/jwasham/coding-interview-university) | | |
| [Educative](https://www.educative.io/) | | |
| [Frontend Masters](https://frontendmasters.com/) | | |
| [datacamp](https://www.datacamp.com/) | | |
| [One Month](https://onemonth.com/) | | |
| [Covalence](https://covalence.io/) | | |
| [Interview Cake](https://www.interviewcake.com/) | | |
| [Go Rails](https://gorails.com/) | | |
| [Thinkful](https://www.thinkful.com/) | | |
| [Symfony Casts](https://symfonycasts.com/) | | |
| [Interneting is Hard](https://www.internetingishard.com/) | | |
| [Super Data Science](https://www.superdatascience.com/home) | | |
| [Free Code Camp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/) | | |
| [Harvard CS 50](https://pll.harvard.edu/course/cs50-introduction-computer-science?delta=0) | | |
| [Developer Roadmap (Language Specific)](https://roadmap.sh/) | | |
| [Developer Roadmap (General)](https://github.com/kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap) | | |
| [Every Programmer Should Know](https://github.com/mtdvio/every-programmer-should-know) | | |
| [Free Programming Books](https://github.com/EbookFoundation/free-programming-books) | | |
| [GeeksForGeeks Interview Prep](https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/courses/complete-interview-preparation?utm_source=GfG&utm_medium=Home&utm_campaign=CIP_Submenu) | | |
| [ProjectLearn](https://projectlearn.io/) | | |
| [Codecademy](https://www.codecademy.com/) | | |
| [Karan's Project Ideas](https://github.com/karan/Projects) | | |
| [Blind](https://www.teamblind.com/) | | |
| [Cracking the Coding Interview Book](https://www.amazon.com/Cracking-Coding-Interview-Programming-Questions/dp/0984782850) | | |
| [Glassdoor](https://www.glassdoor.com/index.htm) | | |
| [Tech Interview Handbook](https://www.techinterviewhandbook.org/) | | |
| [System Design Interview YT](https://www.youtube.com/c/SystemDesignInterview) | | |
| [Abdul Bari YT](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZCFT11CWBi3MHNlGf019nw) | | |
| [Grokking the Coding Interview](https://www.educative.io/courses/grokking-the-coding-interview) | | |
| [Grokking the System Design Interview](https://www.educative.io/courses/grokking-the-system-design-interview) | | |
| [Grokking the Behavioral Interview](https://www.educative.io/courses/grokking-the-behavioral-interview) | | |
| [Leetcode Patterns](https://seanprashad.com/leetcode-patterns/) | | |
| [Building Microservices Book](https://www.amazon.com/Building-Microservices-Designing-Fine-Grained-Systems/dp/1491950358) | | |
| [Elements of Programming Interviews Book](https://www.amazon.com/Elements-Programming-Interviews-Python-Insiders/dp/1537713949) | | |
| [System Design Interview Book](https://www.amazon.com/System-Design-Interview-insiders-Second/dp/B08CMF2CQF) | | |
| [Designing Data Intensive Applications Book](https://www.amazon.com/Designing-Data-Intensive-Applications-Reliable-Maintainable/dp/1449373321) | | |
| [Design Patterns](http://www.mcdonaldland.info/files/designpatterns/designpatternscard.pdf) | | |
| [OverTheWire Wargames](https://overthewire.org/wargames/) | | |
| [Hack the Box](https://www.hackthebox.com/) | | |
| [Hack This Site](https://www.hackthissite.org/) | | |
| [TryHackMe](https://tryhackme.com/) | | |
| [Offensive Interview Prep](https://github.com/WebBreacher/offensiveinterview) | | |
| [The Cyber Mentor YT](https://www.youtube.com/c/TheCyberMentor) | | |
| [BYU Cyberia CTF Trainings](https://github.com/BYU-CTF-group/ctf-training) | | |
| [Udemy](https://www.udemy.com/) | | |
| [LinkedIn Learning](https://www.linkedin.com/learning/?u=89682092) | | [Courses of Interest](https://github.com/kahuku/courses-n-challenges/tree/main/linkedin_learning) |
| [MIT Open Courseware](https://ocw.mit.edu/) | | [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/c/mitocw)|
| [Stanford Online](https://online.stanford.edu/) | | [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/user/stanfordonline)|
| [Duolingo](https://www.duolingo.com/learn) | | |
| [Academic Earth](https://academicearth.org/online-college-courses/) | | |
| [Alison](https://alison.com/courses) | | |
| [BYU Personal Finance](https://personalfinance.byu.edu/) | | |
| [edX](https://www.edx.org/) | | |
| [Coursera](https://www.coursera.org/?ranMID=40328&ranEAID=TnL5HPStwNw&ranSiteID=TnL5HPStwNw-4b43b5qZrfcwab151jUU2g&siteID=TnL5HPStwNw-4b43b5qZrfcwab151jUU2g&utm_content=10&utm_medium=partners&utm_source=linkshare&utm_campaign=TnL5HPStwNw) | | |
| [Open Courseware Catalog](https://www.cccoer.org/using-oer/find-oer/open-courseware/) | | |
| [Open Education Database](https://oedb.org/open/) | | |
| [Khan Acadmey](https://www.khanacademy.org/profile/me/courses?learn=1) | | |
| [Stats in Sports](https://github.com/zbinney/Stats_in_Sports_2021) | | |
| []() | | |
| []() | | |
| []() | | |
| []() | | |
| []() | | |

Commit message:

added more repos and descriptions

README.md, after:

# courses-n-challenges
A reference complication of the online courses and challenges I use to learn and practice programming, hacking, interview prep, language learning, and other skills

| Site | Description | Notes |
| :--- | :---------- | :---- |
| [Practice Python](https://www.practicepython.org/) | Full of challenges to learn Python for all skill levels | [Solutions](https://github.com/kahuku/practicepython.org_solutions) |
| [HackerRank](https://www.hackerrank.com/) | | |
| [Exercism](https://exercism.org/) | | |
| [Codewars](https://www.codewars.com/) | | |
| [Leetcode](https://leetcode.com/) | | |
| [Python Challenge](http://www.pythonchallenge.com/) | | |
| [CodeChef](https://www.codechef.com/) | | |
| [Codeforces](https://codeforces.com/) | | [Solutions](https://github.com/kahuku/competitive_programming/tree/main/codeforces) |
| [Kattis](https://open.kattis.com/) | | [Solutions](https://github.com/kahuku/competitive_programming/tree/main/kattis)|
| [Grind 75](https://www.techinterviewhandbook.org/grind75?hours=8) | | |
| [CodeCombat](https://codecombat.com/) | | |
| [CheckiO](https://checkio.org/) | | |
| [USACO](https://usaco.guide/) | | |
| [Automate the Boring Stuff](https://automatetheboringstuff.com/#toc) | | |
| [MIT Missing Semester](https://missing.csail.mit.edu/) | Stuff MIT thinks you should know before your intro CS class | |
| [Learn Code by Gaming YT](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCD8vb6Bi7_K_78nItq5YITA) | | |
| [Coding Interview University](https://github.com/jwasham/coding-interview-university) | Github repo with tons of interview prep | |
| [Educative](https://www.educative.io/) | | |
| [Frontend Masters](https://frontendmasters.com/) | | |
| [datacamp](https://www.datacamp.com/) | | |
| [One Month](https://onemonth.com/) | | |
| [Covalence](https://covalence.io/) | | |
| [Interview Cake](https://www.interviewcake.com/) | | |
| [Go Rails](https://gorails.com/) | Ruby on Rails course | |
| [Thinkful](https://www.thinkful.com/) | | |
| [Symfony Casts](https://symfonycasts.com/) | | |
| [Interneting is Hard](https://www.internetingishard.com/) | Intro web development course | |
| [Super Data Science](https://www.superdatascience.com/home) | | |
| [Free Code Camp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/) | | |
| [Harvard CS 50](https://pll.harvard.edu/course/cs50-introduction-computer-science?delta=0) | Harvard's free, open-source introductory CS class | |
| [Developer Roadmap (Language Specific)](https://roadmap.sh/) | Roadmap to become a developer in a specific language | |
| [Developer Roadmap (General)](https://github.com/kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap) | Language-agnostic roadmap to becoming a developer | |
| [Every Programmer Should Know](https://github.com/mtdvio/every-programmer-should-know) | Github repo with info every programmer should know| |
| [Free Programming Books](https://github.com/EbookFoundation/free-programming-books) | List of free programming books | |
| [GeeksForGeeks Interview Prep](https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/courses/complete-interview-preparation?utm_source=GfG&utm_medium=Home&utm_campaign=CIP_Submenu) | | |
| [ProjectLearn](https://projectlearn.io/) | | |
| [Codecademy](https://www.codecademy.com/) | | |
| [Karan's Project Ideas](https://github.com/karan/Projects) | | |
| [Blind](https://www.teamblind.com/) | Good for referrals and comp discussion | |
| [Cracking the Coding Interview Book](https://www.amazon.com/Cracking-Coding-Interview-Programming-Questions/dp/0984782850) | | |
| [Glassdoor](https://www.glassdoor.com/index.htm) | Good for salary and interview process insights | |
| [Tech Interview Handbook](https://www.techinterviewhandbook.org/) | | |
| [System Design Interview YT](https://www.youtube.com/c/SystemDesignInterview) | | |
| [Abdul Bari YT](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZCFT11CWBi3MHNlGf019nw) | | |
| [Grokking the Coding Interview](https://www.educative.io/courses/grokking-the-coding-interview) | | |
| [Grokking the System Design Interview](https://www.educative.io/courses/grokking-the-system-design-interview) | | |
| [Grokking the Behavioral Interview](https://www.educative.io/courses/grokking-the-behavioral-interview) | | |
| [Leetcode Patterns](https://seanprashad.com/leetcode-patterns/) | | |
| [Building Microservices Book](https://www.amazon.com/Building-Microservices-Designing-Fine-Grained-Systems/dp/1491950358) | | |
| [Elements of Programming Interviews Book](https://www.amazon.com/Elements-Programming-Interviews-Python-Insiders/dp/1537713949) | | |
| [System Design Interview Book](https://www.amazon.com/System-Design-Interview-insiders-Second/dp/B08CMF2CQF) | | |
| [Designing Data Intensive Applications Book](https://www.amazon.com/Designing-Data-Intensive-Applications-Reliable-Maintainable/dp/1449373321) | | |
| [Design Patterns](http://www.mcdonaldland.info/files/designpatterns/designpatternscard.pdf) | | |
| [OverTheWire Wargames](https://overthewire.org/wargames/) | | |
| [Hack the Box](https://www.hackthebox.com/) | | |
| [Hack This Site](https://www.hackthissite.org/) | | |
| [TryHackMe](https://tryhackme.com/) | | |
| [Offensive Interview Prep](https://github.com/WebBreacher/offensiveinterview) | Resources to prepare you for a red team interview | |
| [The Cyber Mentor YT](https://www.youtube.com/c/TheCyberMentor) | | |
| [BYU Cyberia CTF Trainings](https://github.com/BYU-CTF-group/ctf-training) | | |
| [Udemy](https://www.udemy.com/) | | |
| [LinkedIn Learning](https://www.linkedin.com/learning/?u=89682092) | | [Courses of Interest](https://github.com/kahuku/courses-n-challenges/tree/main/linkedin_learning) |
| [MIT Open Courseware](https://ocw.mit.edu/) | Free online courses from MIT | [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/c/mitocw)|
| [Stanford Online](https://online.stanford.edu/) | Free online courses from Stanford | [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/user/stanfordonline)|
| [Duolingo](https://www.duolingo.com/learn) | Learn a new language | [Be my friend and motivate me!](https://www.duolingo.com/profile/wilsonator02), [Referral link](https://invite.duolingo.com/BDHTZTB5CWWKSS2M3UJRNX4V3I) |
| [Academic Earth](https://academicearth.org/online-college-courses/) | | |
| [Alison](https://alison.com/courses) | | |
| [BYU Personal Finance](https://personalfinance.byu.edu/) | Awesome course on personal finance from Brigham Young University's Marriott School of Business| |
| [edX](https://www.edx.org/) | | |
| [Coursera](https://www.coursera.org/?ranMID=40328&ranEAID=TnL5HPStwNw&ranSiteID=TnL5HPStwNw-4b43b5qZrfcwab151jUU2g&siteID=TnL5HPStwNw-4b43b5qZrfcwab151jUU2g&utm_content=10&utm_medium=partners&utm_source=linkshare&utm_campaign=TnL5HPStwNw) | | |
| [Open Courseware Catalog](https://www.cccoer.org/using-oer/find-oer/open-courseware/) | | |
| [Open Education Database](https://oedb.org/open/) | | |
| [Khan Academy](https://www.khanacademy.org/profile/me/courses?learn=1) | | |
| [Stats in Sports](https://github.com/zbinney/Stats_in_Sports_2021) | | |
| [Project Based Learning](https://github.com/practical-tutorials/project-based-learning) | | |
| [Awesome Repos](https://github.com/pawelborkar/awesome-repos) | | |
| [Open Source Society University Computer Science](https://github.com/ossu/computer-science) | | |
| [Open Source Society University Data Science](https://github.com/ossu/data-science) | | |
| [App Ideas](https://github.com/florinpop17/app-ideas) | | |
